I've met vegans face-to-face who
glamorized the idea of people being put
in prison who think there's something
heroic or wonderful about vegans going
to prison for this type of of violent
activism
if vegans are known primarily for
standing up in a restaurant and
screaming hysterically at strangers and
breaking down weeping and screaming it's
not food it's violence yes that
discredits veganism guess what violence
much more profoundly discredits veganism
a discredit Gary Yourofsky as an
individual it discredits any
organization he's a member of any
organization he's a leader of it
discredits veganism as an ideal and
that's a damn shame I vanished in don't
ask me to have empathy for victimizers
my heart hurts enough for the victims
I'm not gonna weep over a victimizer
being tortured me to scrub I'm not gonna
weep or victimized you being tortured
you killed
yo what's up I am vegan and I am anti
violence and that may not sound like a
controversial pairing you but in fact
many of the most prominent leaders of
the in public opinion political leaders
for veganism are pro violence one of
them is a guy named Gary Yourofsky who
is quite a famous name in 2016 and he's
made himself famous or infamous by
making bold pronouncements in favor of
violence there are certain groups of
individuals who will not listen to
reason and for that you need violence
very few people have respond to this
critically and I think this is because
on the one hand nobody takes what he has
to say seriously and on the other hand
vegans seem to be preoccupied with
photographing themselves eating bowls of
oatmeal going on vacation riding a
bicycle up a hill promoting weight loss
diet lifestyle certain kind of glamorous
self-indulgence joy to the EULA and very
few people are sincerely questioning
political philosophy
and very few people are on a quest that
involves political action so let's break
it down I love a laugh but I don't agree
with them in being nonviolent um the
most interesting thing that you're
offski has to say is actually when he
contrasts himself to the Animal
Liberation Front the a LF there are at
least twenty videos on this channel that
mention my own anti violence position
and the fact that I am completely
against this movement becoming violent
promoting violence or societal violence
I've reflect on that from different
angles in different videos but it has
come up at least 20 times so let's
examine yobs ki is saying the al f does
not go far enough that they are not
violent enough for his tastes whereas
someone like Steve best endorses and
only endorses the type of violence at
the al F promotes what does that mean
the al F basically promotes breaking and
entering and they claim that breaking
and entering is violence against
property and property only and that it
is not violence against people and that
therefore it's morally permissible this
is amazingly shizune whether or not you
are familiar with the world of criminal
activity or the world of political
activity and of course there often is
overlap between the two I recently heard
a very long interview with a guy who was
a bank robber but who was also involved
with the Black Panthers so he was partly
motivated by political factors and he
reflected one of the reasons he became a
bank robber when he became a career
criminal robbing banks was because he
felt that robbing banks was more ethical
that it was more moral that it was a
crime against the state or a crime
against property and not a crime against
human being if you think there's a
completely nonviolent way to rob a bank
you're crazy
you go into a bank you don't know who's
gonna get hurt
you don't know who's gonna get killed
alright the same is true with breaking
and entering and I mean there are so
many mainstream movies addressing the
set of culture mainstream TV shows yes
people may decide they are just gonna
break it enter whether it's into a
laboratory or into a fur farm or into a
I don't know a slaughterhouse
yes it's breaking the law breaking the
law
is a significant choice I'll say more
about that in a minute it does discredit
you as a political movement it does put
your members in prison I don't know any
political movement that thinks that
having people sitting in jail is a great
way to bring about social change that's
stupid I don't think anyone should be
preaching here on YouTube that anyone
should undertake a form of activism
that's gonna put them in jail no matter
how ineffective you may be now with your
freedom believe me you're going to be a
much less effective agent for social
change when you're sitting in a cage
doing a sentence for breaking and
entering or for some other criminal
activity it's ridiculous but above and
beyond that as soon as you're into
breaking and entering you think nobody
gets hurt you think and on the other
hand whenever people get killed in
Breaking and Entering you think the
thieves planned for that no you can't
predict what's gonna happen you send
people over a fence you send people
through a window to break into property
there might be someone inside that
property who pulls a gun on you now what
are you gonna do there might be inside
that property you pulls a baseball bat
on you now what are you gonna do okay
people get hurt including your people
it's gonna be in the very near future
that somebody bust into a slaughterhouse
or a vivisection lab with guns and they
tell the slaughterhouse workers you take
those knives off those pigs threats
right now I'm gonna shoot you people
like Gary Yourofsky are kidding
themselves people like Steve vest are
kidding themselves anyone who supports
the AL f and preaches the hypocritical
doctrine that you can commit crimes
against property without crimes against
people I don't know maybe you never
watched a bank heist movie [ __ ] I
asked you to stop killing it well the
second thing is look as soon as you
cross this line into a legal activity of
violence of any kind but really illegal
activity of any kind then you get
violence within your unit okay you can
read the history of the IRA the IRA this
is the Irish Republican Army Irish
independence movement whatever you want
to say they felt violence is justified
guess what the IRA spent a lot of time
killing their own people killing their
fellow members the IRA
and again if you just watch crime movies
you can see how that happens they're
worried about snitches than the
organization as soon as you've got
criminal active
as soon as you've got the possibility
that somebody goes to jail something odd
happens someone disappears for two weeks
or someone gets arrested for a random
reason and now people are looking around
and wondering if somebody snitched
sometimes nobody snitched sometimes
there were no snitches sometimes there
were no betrayals than the unit but
nevertheless now you're starting to get
violence within your political movement
because they're terrified of being
betrayed from within now you wouldn't be
terrified if what you were doing was
really legal and aboveboard right when
you have a conflict within a group
that's doing a hundred percent legal
activity that's paying their taxes
that's you know registered and using
real democratic methods of dissent then
if one of your members decides to switch
teams on you if they say forget it you
know I think you guys are incompetent
I'm gonna quit and I'm gonna join a
different ecological movement or
something like that then nobody's
looking to stab each other in the back
it's not that real because nobody's
afraid that they're gonna go to prison
because that person is gonna rat them
out all right
that's still a problem that's a huge
problem even if what you're doing is
just so cold crimes against property if
it's just breaking and entering if it's
just sabotage all right that escalates
the level of violence within your
political movement if you study the
political history anywhere in the world
I I really have not studied Ireland my
interests have been in the history of
Asia primarily also the history of
Europe in the West whatever but I mean
you know um there was a famous case of a
double agent who was codenamed steak
knife within the IRA and he killed and
murdered people on both sides and the
IRA completely trusted him because he
engaged in torture and murder on behalf
of the IRA and in reality he was a
snitch he was a double agent working for
the British government and he was
getting people from the IRA side killed
and murdered and he was sharing
information with the British government
etc let's put it this way the vegans who
are pro violence look at someone like me
who is anti violence and they think I'm
naive
they think I'm jejune okay I look at you
I look at you Gary Yourofsky I look at
you guys who are pro violence I think
you guys are naive I think you're zoom
I'm not gonna weep over they demise
being tortured and killed screw
I think you don't know what kind of hell
it is for people to be inside a
political organization like the IRA
afraid they're gonna get killed afraid
their wife and kids are going to get
killed
sometimes over a rumor that started that
could finger them for being a snitch or
a turncoat or for any other crazy
hysterical reason okay history of
communist movements is like that to an
extreme where communists spent more time
killing other communists than they did
killing their enemies all right and
veganism we do have some susceptibility
to tend towards those extremes because
we're already a movement that's
interested in ideological purity that's
interested in you know purging its ranks
of people who somehow step off the
dotted line that defines you know
adherence to the movement so yeah it's
scary there are problems and introducing
overt use of violence into veganism is
only gonna make it worse
even if you have this ridiculous excuse
of talking about violence against
property as opposed to violence against
people
it don't work and look there are some
cute zpool vegans here on YouTube I'm
not going to name you there are some
cute cpu vegans here on YouTube who
front on the AL f who say they're Pro
violence against property you say
they're Pro violence in general and I
don't think they've thought this stuff
through I don't think they've studied
any of the chapters of history and they
don't know the series of steps that do
lead to murder
pure and simple where the defenders you
might want to call it violence but hey
you're bringing it on yourself Gary
Yourofsky coming back to his own
argument again are the rest of this I
don't think is that interesting I don't
think it's even worth refuting so much
of what he has to say is just ridiculous
and the majority of vegans I feel
confident will basically scoff at it and
regard this guy as a lunatic
nevertheless um it falls on to my
shoulders to critique this one of your
rszke Yurovsky z' phrases is that he
says people who will not listen to
reason must be treated with violence
that they should be made of to feel fear
that they should made afraid because
they will not listen to reason
what does that really mean it means that
people who don't agree with you should
be threatened or forced or killed that's
really what he's endorsing there are
certain groups of individuals who will
not listen to reason
and for that you need violence because
what he means by not listen to reason is
anyone who disagrees with him all right
now your oski describes himself as an
anti-fascist but I've got to tell you
that is the core of fascism that is the
core of totalitarianism as soon as you
have a political ideology that says
anyone who disagrees with us will get
killed anyone who get disagrees with us
will get forced to comply that is
totalitarianism in principle okay so
your offski describes himself as an
anti-nazi in fact he has taken the
crucial step to making himself
equivalent to the Nazis in the most
important way and look I I actually have
a tremendously tolerant attitude towards
people who won't listen to reason and
that's why I keep using the example on
this YouTube channel of the public quest
to eliminate cigarette smoking okay
people who smoke tobacco won't listen to
reason
I've got compassion for them I don't
want to threaten them I don't want to
kill them I don't want the government to
use violence I don't even want people to
smoke cigarettes to be put in prison I
don't really think it'll be effective
but I mean it's a question so it's a
known fact any rational person can look
at the facts and say hey we should all
quit smoking
nobody should smoke tobacco nobody
should smoke cigars cigars are
celebrated as a sign of wealth and an
indulgence okay that's not rational now
what are we gonna do as a society to
achieve that okay and in the case of
tobacco the majority of people recognize
that it's bad the majority of people
recognize that we should phase it out
right and that's not remotely the case
with veganism in meat weren't a tiny
minority of people recognize that this
is bad and should be phased out but
still with tobacco even when the
majority of people realize that there's
a really difficult to negotiate
democratic process step by step and
phase by phase of making that cultural
transition I don't believe violence is
gonna help and there were people whose
parents have died due to lung cancer or
whatever their husband or wife died you
know longer if there were people who are
deeply aggrieved by the harm that
tobacco was done in society and if you
ask them do they want to get on this
kind of violent train that Gary
Yourofsky
is is endorsing if they want to use
violence to bring about that social
change I think the vast majority of them
would say no and you know the other
tragedy is the vast majority of smokers
today even if they continue smoking
recognize that smoking is a bad thing
they may want to stop or even if they
don't really want to stop they recognize
this is something bad but they accept
that they're doing it even though it's
bad and it's wrong we are a long long
way from achieving that level of social
consciousness in relation to meat milk
and eggs um III doubt that even ten
people sorry I doubt that even ten
percent of people today accept that
basic premise of veganism and can look
at meat and dairy as something we're
transitioning away from so we've got our
work cut out for us even to reach that
level through public education activism
or what have you but my point here is
even when it's 50 percent or even when
it's 90 percent of people recognize that
meat and dairy etc is bad I still do not
endorse resorting to violence and the
comparison to cigarettes really has some
depth and meaning here what percentage
of people think that heroin is bad the
vast majority the vast majority of
heroin addicts or X heroin addicts think
that everyone is bad but it's still
really debatable what is the role for
violence in trying to eliminate the use
of heroin in our society and the answer
most people come to there's a broad
spectrum of opinion there are people who
are experts on this who devote their
lives to studying what is effective
government policy on heroin but the
answer that most people come to is as
little as possible even if it is
ultimately necessary for the police to
get out their guns and arrest someone
who is buying and selling heroin what we
want to see is the minimum amount of
violence definitely not the maximum
amount of violence and definitely not
the kind of holding people at gunpoint
that your offski is endorsing here spare
me the [ __ ] adages about violence
beginning violent and doesn't always be
good violence in most cases it actually
ends violence he makes these comparisons
to World War two and the Nazis that are
of course
Oshin inappropriate among other things
it is somewhat bizarre that he seems to
pretend that World War two present
prevented the Holocaust it didn't the
Holocaust happened world war two among
other things is a total failure of
violence in that it didn't prevent the
Holocaust the right people got killed
the Nazis he tries to make a general
argument for violence as preventing
violence rather than violence causing
more violence by vaguely gesturing
towards the Nazis this video is going to
be way too long if I get into all the
ways this is historically inaccurate and
describing world war ii but among the
fundamental paradoxes in looking at the
history of world war ii is the fact that
the Western Allies were aware that the
Soviet Union especially under Joseph
Stalin under the leadership of Stalin
had engaged in massacres on an
unbelievable scale they'd done that
before World War two that it adjourn
world war two that did after World War
two although Hitler killed communists
Stalin in his purges murdered far more
communists that Hitler did Stalin did
engage in anti-semitic purges he killed
huge numbers of Jews and at the time of
his death he the plans were in place
there was actually going to be another
Holocaust he was going to carry out
anti-semitic parties on an enormous
scale in the Soviet Union now he did
flip-flop on that many people just
basically say Stalin was insane whether
or not he was insane he tended towards
different contradictory extremes than
his time and power he had periods where
he was Pro Jew as she had periods where
he was anti Jewish and a lot of people
died all right
so to say as as Gary Yourofsky says that
American policy in World War two or
British policy in World War two did not
result in more massacres is is totally
false one of the tragedies of World War
two regarded as a whole is precisely
that you know the Western powers were
very reluctant to back up Stalin to
expand Stalin sphere of power his
control over more territory over more
countries or to make his rule more
permanent and that is exactly what World
War Two did World War two made a hero
and an ally out of Stalin it expanded he
gained more power in Eastern Europe even
gained more power in Asia more power
more territory more millions of people
suffering under his
horrible dictatorial government and the
reason why there was a period of history
called the phony war that happened and
the reason why there was a period when
Hitler and Stalin were allies they the
Ribbentrop Molotov pact the period when
Hitler and Stalin were on the same side
in World War two that everyone wants to
forget about ultimately is because the
Western power saw themselves in a
situation where they would prefer to see
Hitler and Stalin destroy each other
then they would intervene in a way that
was going to result in more massacres in
more mass murder under Soviet Communism
so yes world war ii you know ultimately
eventually hitler got defeated is this a
positive example of humanitarian
intervention no not at all because that
intervention among other things totally
failed to prevent the Holocaust the
Holocaust actually happened and this
whole [ __ ] about violence begetting
violence okay when the Allied forces won
in the Nazi Germany and murdered Nazis
to save Jews and kind of curious what
was the violence that happened after
that now if you want to look in history
of world war two interestingly for an
example of something that resembles
justice there's very little justice in
world war two it's a tragic tale from
start to end I think instead of looking
at it as endorsing you know bombing or
you know murder with guns or something I
think one of the lessons you could learn
from World War two was looking at the
importance of trials of trying to give
people a fair trial of and you know I
think there's an argument that there
should have been more trials but taking
people who were Nazi leaders and
actually bringing them to a court of law
and putting them on trial I think that
is one positive aspect of World War two
and there were many Nazi leaders who did
not go on trial and that is a scandal
for the history of the world Gary
Yourofsky is not endorsing trials he is
not saying people have committed crimes
against animals you go to court and get
a fair trial that might be a reasonable
conclusion to draw from world war ii is
hey you know what people who do terrible
immoral things should should have a fair
trial and then should face punishment
some going to prison time that would be
a wonderful lesson to draw from world
war
World War two instead Gary Yourofsky is
endorsing the
violence he's talking about people at
random breaking into buildings and
holding people at gunpoint it's gonna be
in the very near future
that somebody bust into a slaughterhouse
or vivisection lab with guns well that's
part of what created the Nazi system in
the first place I can't get into it here
but if you actually look at I mean there
are descriptions from Arthur Koestler
about a period of history in the early
days before the the Germans before the
Nazis took over power in Germany where
you know there was this long period when
the Nazis were really like a bunch of
street thugs and they would get in a car
and go to a go to a coffee shop or
communists would hang out and they'd do
a drive-by shooting shooting up the
coffee shop and then the Communists
would get in a car and they would go and
try to get into a fight street fight
with you know knives or guns with the
Nazis down at one of the Nazi bars and
you know the Nazis did have a long
period where they really were
disorganized street thugs in this way
this was part of their rise to power and
you know I mean part of the tragedy and
looking at that history is that violence
doesn't prevent violence there was a
cycle there was an upward cycle of more
and more violence starting from this low
level of you know as they say basically
street thugs and there was indeed a
criminal element built into the Nazi
movement from early on for that reason
because those are the people they
organized that was the type of activity
they have and that defines the type of
movement you have politically the type
of people who participated and so on
you don't oppose violence you just
oppose who I proposed to be violent for
again we can kill her behalf of blacks
and came on behalf of Jews and came on
behalf of children but nobody wants to
kill on behalf of chickens and cows and
pigs again I think those animals
disagree vehemently and so do I
seek it on behalf of chickens and cows
and pigs again I think those animals
disagree vehemently and so do I your
offski I think uses a lot of phony
realism in declaring things like that's
not how the world works okay well let me
ask you this in terms of how the real
world works do you think after making
these statements do you think Gary
Yourofsky could get himself elected as
mayor anywhere anywhere in the United
States or anywhere in the world who
would look at these features he makes
and thinks this is a rational good
person who can take on the
responsibilities of government who can
take on the responsibility of making
decisions about the sidewalks and
pollution and ecology let alone the
morality of animal exploitation the
human diet no he has discredited himself
in a profound way
he's discredited himself even among the
tiny minority of people who are already
vegan but worse he has discredited
himself among the public at large all
right
he's someone who could not be trusted to
be in any position of authority he's
someone who would be laughed at if he
ran for mayor and that matters okay
being a part I mean look a lot of people
on the internet do not want to
distinguish between positive attention
and negative attention god this could be
split off me to a separate video
I have people attacking this channel and
when I talk to them about it they seem
to have just no awareness of the
difference between drawing attention to
their Channel that's negative and
drawing attention to the channel that's
positive you know having an opinion is
one thing having an opinion that people
pay attention to because they respect
your opinion they respect you is
something completely different having
the most outrageous opinion possible may
bring attention to you but it's not
positive attention I've met vegans
face-to-face who glamorize the idea of
people being put in prison who think
there's something heroic or wonderful
about vegans going to prison for this
type of violent activism I remember I
started giving an example in a
conversation of a guy who spent years in
speaking to another vegan here face to
face and I was giving it I was giving
this as an example because I was trying
to say what I've already said now in
this video don't put yourself in a cage
don't put yourself in prison if you
think what are the different modes of
effective activism I can tell you one
thing sitting in a jail cell is not
effective activism and what this vegan
said back to me because he is pro
violence he said back to me but you're
still talking about it
you know he said this glowing he was
proud so yeah but you know that guy went
to prison but you're still talking about
it as if this is Fame this is attention
yes its attention but it's not positive
attention I'm talking about it but I'm
talking about it with you right now
because I'm telling you not to repeat
this mistake I'm telling you not to put
yourself in a cage not to discredit
yourself as an intellectual not to
discredit yourself as a political
movement through violence and I mean on
this channel we've talked a lot about
how just some of those silly forms of
street protest discredit veganism
because they do if vegans are known
primarily for standing up in a
restaurant and screaming hysterically at
strangers and breaking down weeping and
screaming it's not food it's violence
yes that discredits veganism guess what
violence much more profoundly discredits
veganism it discredit Gary Yourofsky as
an individual it discredits any
organization he's a member of any
organization he's a leader of it
discredits veganism as an ideal and
that's a damn shame